bugfix: treating a unique index conflict during rollback as a dirty write (#7135)
apache/incubator-seata: changes/en-us/2.x.md

Reviewer: Please make sure your Github ID is in the list below

Author: Good catch!

Done it https://github.com/apache/incubator-seata/pull/7135/commits/196f2182020dab4212ef5e1776dbcf8b6cf38a1a !

- [[#7112](https://github.com/apache/incubator-seata/pull/7112)] bugfix: remove the condition that IPv6 must start with fe80
- [[#7107](https://github.com/apache/incubator-seata/pull/7107)] fix the issue of failing to parse annotations in TCC mode when the business object is a proxy object.
- [[#7124](https://github.com/apache/incubator-seata/pull/7124)] bugfix: GlobalTransactionScanner.afterPropertiesSet need do scanner check

> - [[#7135](https://github.com/apache/incubator-seata/pull/7135)] catch SQLIntegrityConstraintViolationException and handle rollback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [[#7135](https://github.com/apache/incubator-seata/pull/7135)] treating a unique index conflict during rollback as a dirty write
```

Author: Thank you. 

Documentation work always feels difficult.
Especially, coming up with names is even harder. 🥲
